src/components/Start learning/Beginer's Guide.md, before:

# Steps to Learning Japanese


-Learn the pronounciations of hiragana .

-Learn some basic words and phrases with their kanji.

-Learn names of the numbers and colors in hiragana and kanji .

-Learn some basic greetings .

-Learn names of some basic food items in hiragana and kanji.

-Try to use them in everyday life.

-Learn names of the various times in hiragana and kanji.

-Learn names of various objects at home in hiragana and kanji.

-Learn names of basic transport in hiragana and kanji .

-Learn names of animals and some plants in hiragana and kanji .

-Learn about clothing (basic) in hiragana and kanji .

-Learn about other miscellaneous things like holidays , classroom articles , health , diseases , feelings , nature etc. in hiragana and kanji.

-Try to remember the names of objects and articles you see in daily life into hiragana and kanji .

-Try to frame some basic sentences in japanese by your own .

-Start with katakana pronounciations and style off writing .

-Now focus on the grammar aspect of framing sentences .

-Try conversing with someone in full-fledged japanese .

-CONGRATULATIONS YOU HAVE LEARNT TO SPEAK JAPANEESE

Commit message:

Audios for pronunciation (#25)
* Audios for Pronunciation

* Update Beginer's Guide

* Updated

src/components/Start learning/Beginer's Guide.md, after:

# Steps to Learning Japanese


-Learn the pronounciations of hiragana .

-Learn some basic words and phrases with their kanji.

-Learn names of the numbers and colors in hiragana and kanji .

-Learn some basic greetings .

-Learn names of some basic food items in hiragana and kanji.

-Try to use them in everyday life.

-Learn names of the various times in hiragana and kanji.

-Learn names of various objects at home in hiragana and kanji.

-Learn names of basic transport in hiragana and kanji .

-Learn names of animals and some plants in hiragana and kanji .

-Learn about clothing (basic) in hiragana and kanji .

-Learn about other miscellaneous things like holidays , classroom articles , health , diseases , feelings , nature etc. in hiragana and kanji.

-Try to remember the names of objects and articles you see in daily life into hiragana and kanji .

-Try to frame some basic sentences in japanese by your own .

-Start with katakana pronounciations and style off writing .

-Now focus on the grammar aspect of framing sentences .

-Try conversing with someone in full-fledged japanese .

-Try Audio for pronunciation file to learn more.

-CONGRATULATIONS YOU HAVE LEARNT TO SPEAK JAPANEESE
